# Kill Team League I

The Arcade Skirmish Club will be running a 6 week ladder league for Kill Team from January 5th to February 14th. 

An explanation of ladder leagues, as well as information on submitting match reports, can be found [here](../../resources/ladderleague.md).

Primary Ops will be posted every week as a suggestion in the Xepher Arcade discord, but you and your opponent are free to agree on whatever mission you see fit. **Terrain layouts will not be posted.** You are welcome to use an approved ops map layout, but we strongly encourage working with your opponent to create a fun and thematic map layout for the mission and your teams.

## Frequently Asked Questions

**What are the dates?**

January 1st 2026 to February 14th 2026.

**When can I play matches?**

Whenever! You can schedule matches via the Xepher Arcade discord. Monday nights are set aside for Kill Team play.

**Are there fixed pairings?**

No. For more details on the league format, [click here](../../resources/ladderleague.md).

**Do I have to use the posted mission?**

No, it is only a recommendation.

**Do I have to use the Approved Ops Pack?**

We recommend Approved Ops for everything except terrain layouts. You are free to break this convention if you and your opponent both agree to it. A Primary Op will be provided as a suggestion each week.

**Does the league use Classified teams only?**

No. All teams with rules for the current edition are permitted.

**Is terrain provided at the store?**

Details about terrain currently kept at the store are housed on the Store terrain page. [Click here to go there.](../../resources/storeterrain.md)

**I have a question that's not answered here**

Post your question in the Kill Team channel of the Xepher Arcade discord, or message `adelyn` privately on discord.